=Reincarnated Love=
=Episode 4=
(Why is he sleeping here?)
(This sachet is exactly the same
as the one in my dream.)
(Does he want to kill me?)
If you like my sachet,
I can give it to you.
We agreed last night
to mind our own business.
Why are you sleeping on my bed?
Rules are dead;
people are alive.
Do you want to live or die?
Of course, I want to live.
Trying to kill your husband
right after the wedding?
I fear the rumors might ruin your plans.
Mr. Huo.
Mrs. Huo.
What is it?
Physician Wang
from the Imperial Infirmary
is here with the Emperor's oral decree.
Hearing that Mrs. Huo is pregnant,
he came to help with her condition.
What should we do?
Useless.
How could you only report it now?
(Last night)
I'm sorry, milady.
I'm sorry, Master.
I'm sorry.
So, Physician Zhang
must've been bribed by that wretch.
In that case,
I'll go invite Physician Wang.
I'd like to see
how long Jiang Ruoli
can keep hiding this.
I heard Physician Wang is here.
May I ask the reason?
Mr. Lu,
His Majesty heard about the news,
so he ordered me to come
to check Mrs. Huo's pulse.
I see.
You must be busy.
Why not let me guide the way
and take you to see her?
Sure.
How thoughtful of you.
Please lead the way.
Please.
Are you sure he came to check her pulse?
Yes.
Where is he?
He is waiting in the hall.
Mr. Lu took Physician Wang
to Mrs. Huo's courtyard.
What?
The pulse is smooth and steady.
Mrs. Huo has stable fetal energy.
She only needs to rest peacefully.
Thanks, Physician Wang.
Ruyan,
Mrs. Huo instructed
that this pregnancy medicine
should be poured out in secret.
Alright, I understand.
Go attend to your work.
I'll deal with it.
Yes.
Thanks to you today,
I was able to escape trouble.
It's nothing.
How did you know
that Ruyan was pregnant?
I only learned it by chance.
Ruoli,
a false pregnancy is no small matter.
You may hide it for a while,
but not forever.
You and Yanzhi...
Don't worry.
I know what I'm doing.
If you need help,
just say the word.
Thank you.
Between you and me,
no need for such courtesy.
Hey.
Did you hear about what happened
in the mansion today?
Don't even mention it.
Someone ignorant of the rules
tried to clean the heir's study.
In broad daylight,
their legs were broken,
and they were thrown out.
The heir's study
is a forbidden place.
Except for Shitou,
no one can go near it.
Exactly.
Clean properly.
I'll go clean there.
(A forbidden place.)
(Huo Linchuan is hiding something.)
Dear, what are you looking for?
I...
Are you here to bathe with me?
Assassin!
- Catch the assassin!
- Catch them!
Catch the assassin!
- Over there!
- Hurry!
- Catch the assassin!
The assassin might still be here.
You haven't answered me.
Why did you appear in my study?
Do you really want to become my wife?
Yanzhi.
Yanzhi,
I heard there was an assassin.
Are you alright?
Don't worry.
I'm fine.
Really?
Then...
Where is Ruoli?
Why haven't I seen her?
You need not worry
about my wife.
Am I right?
Since everything is fine,
I'll take my leave.
Huo Linchuan, don't go too far.
Jiang Ruoli,
don't forget
that you are now my wife.
Mr. Huo, we've checked everything.
No clues were left behind.
(It seems)
(I must seek Ruoli's help.)
♪The dream shattered♪
♪Like illusion, yet true♪
♪Like a restless soul♪
♪How vague♪
♪Rain and blood, drifting wild♪
♪A blade of frost in dreams♪
♪Love and hate entwined♪
♪Rise and fall, yet never fade♪
♪How can I turn the tides
of this fleeting life♪
♪When fate falls apart♪
♪Memories return,
carving tears upon my face♪
♪Yet I can't hold on♪
♪Only warmth remains
where longing once burned♪
♪Life after life♪
♪Fated to meet, but never meant to be♪
♪Still, I refuse to bow or yield♪
♪In this life, love becomes my blade♪
♪To break free from reincarnation♪
♪All past affairs tangled with regret♪
♪Now shatter apart♪
♪By fate and karmic ties confined♪
♪Is this fate or calamity♪
♪Is it life, death, or parting pain♪
♪I ask only for a moment of peace,
as devout as my heart♪
♪In the next life, grant me one kiss♪
♪To kiss the snow upon the brows,
and the depths of your gaze♪
♪For once we kissed,
destiny bound us to never part♪
♪This fleeting life feels but a dream♪
♪Sober or indulge♪
♪I only wish to be with you,
with all my heart♪